Improve documentation (#1863)
theforeman/forklift: docs/development.md

This covers how to setup and configure a development environment using the Forklift tool suite.

* [Development Environment Deployment](#development-environment-deployment)
    * [Deploy a Katello Development Environment](#deploy-a-katello-development-environment)
    * [Deploy a Stable Katello Development Box](#deploy-a-stable-katello-development-box)
    * [Starting the Development Server](#starting-the-development-server)
    * [Customizing the Development Environment](#customizing-the-development-environment)
    * [Reviewing Pull Requests](#reviewing-pull-requests)
* [Packit PR Builds](#packit-pr-builds)
* [Test Puppet Module Pull Requests](#test-puppet-module)
* [Hammer Development](#hammer-development)
* [Capsule Development](#capsule-development)
* [Client Development](#client-development)
* [Dynflow](#dynflow-development)
* [Smoker](#smoker)
* [Advanced foreman features](#advanced-features)

## Development Environment Deployment

### Deploy a Katello Development Environment

> A Katello development environment can be deployed on Fedora and Red Hat flavor distributions. Ensure that you have followed the steps to setup Vagrant and the libvirt plugin. There are a variety of useful development environment options that should or can be set when creating a development box. These options are designed to configure your environment ready to use your own fork, and create pull requests. To create a development box:

Reviewer: I think we can use "Enterprise Linux" as the catch-all for any of the distros we support.

```suggestion
A Katello development environment can be deployed on Enterprise Linux (EL) distributions. Ensure that you have followed the steps to setup Vagrant and the libvirt plugin. There are a variety of useful development environment options that should or can be set when creating a development box. These options are designed to configure your environment ready to use your own fork, and create pull requests. To create a development box:
```

* The initial page load after startup might take a while.
* Everything should be set for you to run `bundle exec foreman start` to start your dev server as needed.

NOTE: The `foreman` in `foreman start` is actually [this gem](https://github.com/ddollar/foreman) and not our `foreman`. It
doesn't allow STDIN, which means it doesn't support local debugging. To use a debugger with `foreman start`, you can use
remote debugging with a tool like [pry-remote](https://github.com/Mon-Ouie/pry-remote). There is a helpful blog post about
remote debugging [here](https://blog.honeybadger.io/remote-debugging-with-byebug-rails-and-pow) with more information.

#### Run the rails server without a webpack server running

If you don't need to do any development in the `webpack/` directories, you can turn the webpack server off and run only the rails server if desired.

* Run `foreman-installer --katello-devel-webpack-dev-server false` to disable the webpack server. You can also set this installer option
in your boxes.yaml entry to configure this on box creation.
* Start the rails server with `bundle exec foreman start rails` in `~/foreman`

>     * Alternatively, you can start the rails server with `bundle exec rails s`

Reviewer: We don't necessarily need to document this, but  this is my one-liner I use to avoid the foreman gem altogether:
```
source .env && BIND=0.0.0.0 bundle exec puma -w 3 -p $PORT --preload
```

Reviewer 2: does that have advantages over `bundle exec rails s`?

Reviewer: It's nice to be able to set the number of workers, that's mostly it.

Author: My thought is, why not both then, as `bundle exec rails s` is so much shorter, but can also replace it.

The contents of the specified repo will be copied to the home directory excluding the `.git` folder and `.gitignore` file.

> As an example, you can keep dotfiles such as `.bashrc` in the root of your git repository and install packages [with a `bootstrap` script](#running-a-boostrap-script) using this structure:

Reviewer: I just noticed that bootstrap is misspelled as "boostrap". It's misspelled in the section below too. (Thanks copilot!)
